hello and welcome to the age of digital
transformation digital transformation is
all around us connected networks and
in-memory platforms provide immediate
access to a stunning range of data
business processes can be harmonized
across all functions and departments you
can respond in the moment because you
are armed with real-time insight into
your most pressing questions digital
transformation is about how technology
profoundly improves the performance and
impact of businesses for the
professional services industry there is
immense pressure to do more for less
expertise talent service delivery and
customer engagement processes are being
digitized this digitization is causing
you to rethink your business models and
this same digitization is helping
professional services firms drive
nonlinear growth nonlinear growth is
achieved when revenue grows without a
corresponding growth in the employee
base
so what does this mean for your
professional services firm this new
digital reality has a complex impact on
professional services firms on one hand
it drives a great deal of transparency
and price pressure as well as a greater
need for differentiation digitization
also provides professional services
firms with an opportunity to rethink
their interactions with customers do you
want to succeed in the age of digital
transformation of course you do but
success begins by reimagining your
business you must put business outcomes
and customers at the center of all you
do reimagined business models for your
professional services firm will mean you
must master driving outcome-based
engagements providing affordable
lifecycle services knowledge as a
service and sourcing projects through
external talent networks allowing you to
tap into infinite capacity reimagine
business processes you've got this
instant access to insights from past
engagements at the moment of need change
and risk management one version of
information available to you whenever
and wherever you need it real-time
information analysis insights and
simulations that provide instant clarity
you already have the building blocks
it's time to reimagine your processes
that will drive outcome-based
engagements you've kept great
intellectual property you have years
worth of content and expertise already
available for internal consumption are
you monetizing it is it appealing to
your customers and how can your
expertise and transformation journey
kick-start your customers digital
transformations
it's time to reimagine talent you've
built a strong internal team but you
also have access to Best of Breed
contractors alumni freelancers and open
source talent geographic talent barriers
are breaking down your payroll no longer
needs to be constrained by the work you
can take on by mapping talent needs
against demand you can fully utilize a
network of external talent your digital
challenge will be how to delight your
customers in new ways how to serve them
better than ever before how do you get
started you start by answering key
questions how can we better
differentiate our frontline services
from the competition how will we
preserve margin on bids how do we tackle
commoditization of expertise the answers
will provide the direction for
reimagining your business processes and
operational model we invite you to learn
more about how digital transformation is
impacting professional services download
a complimentary copy of the professional
services on the brink of disruption
white paper and explore a host of
resources designed to help you reimagine
your business the future for
professional services companies has
never been brighter digital
transformation is how you'll get there